---
layout: page
title: "Nyah's Resume"
img: bg-resume.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2000-01-01 12:00:00 +0300
description: Nyah Way's resume including work experience, education, and links to projects she has worked on.
tag: [pages]
category: pages
unique_page_id: resume_body
show_print: true
---

<div class="resume">
  <div class="printer_shown">
    <hr>
    <h3 class="resume_name">NYAH WAY</h3>
    <hr>
    <hr>
    <p class="details resume_top">San Bruno, California</p>
    <p class="details resume_top"><a href="https://nyw8.github.io">https://nyw8.github.io</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nyah-way">linkedin.com/in/nyah-way</a></p>
  </div>
	<h3 class="section_header">SUMMARY</h3>
  <hr>
	<h5 class="details">
	  <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/about/">Nyah Way</a> is a top performing engineer with industry experience in augmented reality, mobile development, education, and full stack development. She's worked with large-scale systems to improve uptime and handle data efficiently, increasing the durability of YouTube for over 2 billion users. She is self-directed and unafraid of new challenges.
	  <br>
	  <!-- <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/contact/" class="details">
	    Click here to contact me using my contact form.
	  </a> -->
  </h5>
	<h3 class="section_header">EDUCATION</h3>
  <hr>
	<h5 class="resume_title">
    Honours Bachelor of Science - University of Toronto
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Toronto, Ontario 2018 - 2022
  </p>
  <ul class="details">
	<li>Computer Science Entrepreneurship Specialist Co-op Program</li>
	<li>University of Toronto Scholar</li>
  <li>Tom Hull Scholarship In Computer Science</li>
  <li>Scarborough College In-Course Scholarship</li>
	<li>CGPA: 3.95 (out of 4)</li>
	<li>Graduated with High Distinction</li>
  </ul>
  <h3 class="section_header">EXPERIENCE</h3>
  <hr>
  <h5 class="resume_title">
    Software Engineer (L4), Site Reliability at <a href="https://sre.google/">Google</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
     California, United States 07/2022 - PRESENT
  </p>
  <ul class="details">
  <li>Collaborated with stakeholders on engineering projects to increase reliability of YouTube for over 2 billion users.</li>
  <li>Followed <a href="https://sre.google/sre-book/table-of-contents/">site reliability practices</a> to improve client uptime and increase failure detection.</li>
  <li>Designed and implemented monitoring systems and dashboards to alert customers, onboarding over 100 clients.</li>
  <li>Supported the migration of over 40 clients to combine stores of video metadata while working in a fast-paced and high-visibility environment and ensuring zero downtime.</li>
  </ul>
  <p class="technologies details">Technologies: C++, Python, Bash, internal frameworks/languages</p>
    <h5 class="resume_title">
    Undergraduate Teaching Assistant at <a href="https://www.utsc.utoronto.ca/home/">University of Toronto Scarborough</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Toronto, Ontario 04/2019 - 04/2022
  </p>
	<ul class="details">
    <li>Tutored and supported over 150 students in Computer Science I & II, Computer Graphics, and Artificial Intelligence.</li>
    <li>Developed engaging lessons for course material to deepen student knowledge, particularly in artificial intelligence topics like heuristics, CSPs, neural networks, and Bayes nets.</li>
    <li>Effectively managed schedules and logistics for office hours and classwork, maximizing student access to support and resources in topics like C programming, linked lists, and complex data structures.</li>
		<li>Checked assignments, proctored tests, and provided grades according to university standards.</li>
	</ul>
  <p class="technologies details">Technologies: C, Python, JavaScript, HTML & CSS</p>
  <h5 class="resume_title">
    Software (Site Reliability) Engineer Intern at <a href="https://about.google/">Google</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Remote (Sunnyvale, California) 05/2021 - 08/2021
  </p>
  <ul class="details">
  <li>Worked on an eventually consistent key-value store to improved runtime efficiency for high-utilization clients.</li>
	<li>Developed dashboards to improve observability for better reliability debugging and bandwidth load, and ensure better client visibility within the system.</li>
  </ul>
  <p class="technologies details">Technologies: Python, SQL, C++, internal frameworks/languages</p>
  <h5 class="resume_title">
    Software Engineer (Co-op) at <a href="https://www.indexexchange.com/">Index Exchange</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Remote (Toronto, Ontario) 01/2021 - 04/2021
  </p>
  <ul class="details">
	<li>Recorded metrics data in production databases to highlight inefficiencies in development, review, and deployment.</li>
	<li>Developed dashboard using SQL to display rolling averages and trends based on time metrics.</li>
	<li>Met with stakeholders on weekly basis to provide detailed project report and milestone updates.</li>
  </ul>
  <p class="technologies">Technologies: Golang, Python, Bash, SQL, Perl, Docker</p>
  <h5 class="resume_title">
    Software Full Stack and QA Developer (Co-op) at <a href="https://www.kobo.com/">Rakuten Kobo</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Toronto, Ontario 09/2019 - 12/2019
  </p>
  <ul class="details">
	<li>Assisted in analyzing requirements to design, develop and implement a payment processor switch saving over a hundred thousand dollars annually.</li>
	<li>Designed, implemented and monitored web pages using and new features for continuous improvement on corporate e-commerce website.</li>
	<li>Ran performance checks on .NET framework projects to ensure users encounter 100% problem-free experiences.</li>
  </ul>
  <p class="technologies">Technologies: .NET, JavaScript, C#, SQL</p>
	<h5 class="resume_title">
    Junior Software Developer (Co-op) at <a href="https://www.kp9.ca/">KP9 Interactive</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Toronto, Ontario 02/2018 - 09/2019
  </p>
	<ul class="details">
      <li>Developed object-oriented applications, leveraging C# and Android Studio for use in AR mobile applications to deliver engaging augmented reality experiences.</li>
      <li>Collaborated on all stages of Android development lifecycle, from requirements gathering to incorporating feedback.</li>
      <li>Independently identified and resolved critcal bugs and performance issues, ensuring successful mobile applications.</li>
	</ul>
  <p class="technologies">Technologies: C#, Android Studio, Unity, Wearables (AR/VR)</p>
	<h5 class="resume_title">
    Computer Science Summer Institute Participant (Unpaid) at <a href="https://google.com">Google</a>
  </h5>
  <p class="date">
    Austin, Texas 07/2018 - 08/2018
  </p>
	<ul class="details">
			<li>Applied Python knowledge, resulting in being accepted as one of 15 participants in Austin to take part in a computer science program.</li>
			<li>Created, designed, and developed websites in HTML and CSS with JS and Python backend over three weeks to create professional websites and databases.</li>
			<li>Collaborated with a team using Github and terminal controls to update code, patch errors, resulting in a more solid and secure website.</li>
	</ul>
  <p class="technologies">Technologies: JavaScript, Python, HTML & CSS, Google Cloud Platform (GCP)</p>
  <div class="printer_hidden">
    <h3 class="section_header">PROJECTS</h3>
    <hr>
    <a class="details" href="{{site.baseurl}}/projects/">See my projects on this page</a>
    <h3 class="section_header">COURSEWORK</h3>
    <hr>
    <a class="details" href="{{site.baseurl}}/list-of-classes-and-descriptions/">See my courses and coursework on this page</a>
  </div>
</div>
