---
layout: post
title: "Rakuten Kobo Co-op"
img: kobo-banner.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2019-09-01 12:55:00 +0300
description: A co-op at Rakuten Kobo as a QA and full-stack developer.
tag: [coursework]
category: coursework
---
This was my first co-op during university. Here are some of my thoughts on both the position and the company.

I really enjoyed the feel of working at Kobo, everyone I met there was very friendly and tried to help me with everything I had issues with. Another thing I enjoyed was that close to everyone there was a book lover. It was a nice feeling to be surrounded by others who also loved books, which seems to be rare now.

I started as a quality assurance co-op and gradually moved towards doing full-stack development as I got more comfortable with Kobo's system. 

The primary project I worked on was a payment processor switch which included recreating one of the pages from an older side of Kobo's website:


<figure style="text-align:center; margin: 0">
<div style="background-image: url(https://nyw8.github.io/assets/img/kobo-page.png); background-repeat: no-repeat; background-size: contain; min-height: 400px; min-width: 300px; width: 100%; background-position: center center;" ></div>
<figcaption>Above is the page I worked on while at Kobo, note that this page is not finished.</figcaption>
</figure>

 The UI that I got to work on was really interesting too. Since it had to work on both EPDs (eReaders), as well as mobile and web devices, there was a lot more to take into consideration.

Languages/Frameworks used:
{% highlight linenos %}
.NET C#
SQL
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
Powershell
{% endhighlight %}

Tools used:
{% highlight linenos %}
Jenkins
Splunk
QUnit (for C# testing)
{% endhighlight %}

Thank you to my team (in no order): Joseph, Judy, Sean, Gustav, Yesha, Cheng. All of you made every day interesting and tackled new challenges/problems without complaint.

The Kobo site is [here][kobo-site] and a link to the live page I worked is [here][my-ui-kobo-site].

[kobo-site]: https://www.kobo.com/
[my-ui-kobo-site]: https://www.kobo.com/account/billing
